DOCS: Proofreading Samples Python - 22.2 (#14168)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/python/classification_sample_async/README.md

| :----------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ |
| Asynchronous Infer | [openvino.runtime.AsyncInferQueue], [openvino.runtime.AsyncInferQueue.set_callback], [openvino.runtime.AsyncInferQueue.start_async], [openvino.runtime.AsyncInferQueue.wait_all], [openvino.runtime.InferRequest.results] | Do asynchronous inference |

> Basic OpenVINO™ Runtime API is descirbed in [Hello Classification Python Sample](../hello_classification/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic OpenVINO™ Runtime API is described in [Hello Classification Python Sample](../hello_classification/README.md).
```

   omz_downloader --name alexnet
   ```

> 3. If a model is not in the OpenVINO IR or ONNX format, it must be converted with Model Converter:

Reviewer: This changes the meaning. You definitely do not need Model Converter to convert a model to IR, this is just one way of doing this. I would recommend leaving this as is.

Author: Done in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/14168/commits/f15873dd7ee0277c2b5471c4367febc2e75ef7e4

   ```
   omz_converter --name alexnet
   ```

> 4. Perform inference of the `banana.jpg` and the `car.bmp`, using the `alexnet` model on a `GPU`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Perform inference on the `banana.jpg` and the `car.bmp` images, using the `alexnet` model on a `GPU` device, for example:
```
